Prague 2020 blog post tickets selling out + WW updates (#1359)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/prague/2020/news/tickets-selling-out-platform-registration.rst

Tickets are going to sell out in the next 24 hours, so if you've been on the fence now is the time to buy one!

We have done our internal testing of the platform and we're getting everything ready for prime time. This update includes information about accessing the conference platform and other recommendations that will help you make the most of the conference. 

Tickets will sell out tomorrow
------------------------------

We wanted to let you know that we expect tickets to sell out on **Octover 14th at 20:00 CEST**.
We've increased the capacity for this years even from previous years, but we still want to make sure the event keeps its manageable size and feel.
If you were hoping to come to this years event, we recommend that you `get your tickets soon <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/2020/tickets/>`_.

**If you already purchased a ticket you should have gotten an email from us with your Hopin registration link.** After we stop ticket sales, we will send another email to everyone with a reminder and a link to access the Hopin event.

> The Hopin access links will be sent to all Ti.to ticket holders, so monitor your inbox next week for a message. If you don't get an email from us by the end of the week, please email us and we'll help you out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hopin access links will be sent to all Ti.to ticket holders, so monitor your inbox this week for a message. If you don't get an email from us by the end of the week, please check your spambox first, and then email us and we'll help you out.
```
